feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/sourceurl/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: sourceURL property"
short-title: sourceURL
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/sourceURL
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceURL
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`sourceURL`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a string representing the URL of the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`sourceURL`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a string representing the URL of the script.
```

> It is important to note that the reported function location will be the "entry point" of the script, i.e. the top level of the stack, and not any specific slow sub-function. See {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceFunctionName")}} for more discussion around this.

Author: updated
